# Maze Game
Author: Yuhua Huang

## Project Introduction

The project builds a game in which the player walks in a maze, collects coins, and avoids enemies. There is, by default, 1 player, 5 enemies, 10 coins, and random numbers of destructible walls. If the player is hit by an enemy, then the game is over and the player loses. If the player collects all coins before being hit by the enemies, then the game is over and the player wins. When the game is over, the player can press "R" key to reset the game. Reset function is only available when the game is over.

The maze is automatically generated by recursive backtracking algorithm. That is, the maze is different each time the program is run. The maze has 15 rows and 15 columns by default.  The maze contains some destructible walls, indicated by dark grey walls. Those walls will be destroyed when hit by player. After a destructible walls is destroyed, there will be a new path which is walkable for both player and enemies.

The player object is a blue ball. Its initial position is at (0, 0, 0), which from the camera's view is the bottom-left corner of the maze. The player can move the blue ball to left/right by pressing A/D and forward/back by pressing W/S. The blue ball will be destroyed and the game will be over when the blue ball is hit by an enemy. The player can collect coins when hitting coins. The player gets one point for each coin collected. After the game is reset, the blue ball will appear at (0, 0, 0) again. The blue ball cannot pass through maze walls, but can create a new path after breaking a destructible wall.

There are 5 enemies in the maze by default. The enemies cannot pass through maze walls. They cannot pass through destructible walls unless those destructible walls are destroyed by the player. Each enemy can detect the player when the player is close enough to it. Once the player is detected, the enemy will find a path to chase the player.

There are 10 coins placed at different positions in the maze. Each is spinning at its place. 

Texts will be generated and show score for players when the game is over.

The player can change some settings of the game in the Inspector of Game Generator. Those settings include the size (number of rows and columns) of the maze, the number of the enemies, and the number of the coins. 

